# Personal aerobic self-meditation and nutritionist

[Website](artintel1.aayushdeo.com)

Our product is an innovative idea revolutionizing manual decision-making process during daily work out and meditation by using computer vision, IOT and machine learning technologies. Our product is using Kinect camera device for tracking and monitoring body movement during workouts, in addition to training AI enabled agents which further assist in the relaxation of body muscles and facilitate users with guided self-meditation. Data retrieved from daily workouts will be processed on our own cloud servers using deep neural network models. Our product’s intelligence will become more accurate with time as more workout data is gathered. The smart self-meditation and suggested diet plan is through machine learning algorithms which presents to the user personalized self-meditation based on their needs. 

The app suggests to the user what to eat at what time required by the body based on the suggested self-meditation and workout. As the app tracks an increase in the frequency in the movements of certain muscles, the AI enabled agents recommend self-meditation sessions which relax the muscles in a specific way to release body stress and recommend dishes best fit for the body. In a concise way, our project is transforming and automating manual coaching and self-meditation processes into a smart and intelligent self-trained engine which would not only enhance workout sessions but also maintaining a balanced diet by recommending the essential nutrients required. Our project has three modules. The tracking and monitoring of the movement of the user’s body parts during workout and meditation sessions. An optimized and adaptive self-meditation recommendation engine for body muscular relaxation specifically fit to the needs of the user. Finally, an AI enabled intelligent diet scheduling engine trained on the tracked body data. 

The spectacular design of our project is illustrated and explained through a website. To design the website, we use a Pluton template which is free to use single landing page website. We explained the in scope and out scope of our idea in different sections. For this, first, we designed the menu of our website to navigate through different sections. Each section would illustrate specific area of idea under consideration. As our product is merging three technologies under a single umbrella, we added 3 sliders on the homepage. The 3 sliders support the visualization of a broader view of the idea under consideration.The next section gives insight to how our product will work with a brief explanation of each. We use the kinect camera to track your movement during your workout and this data is fed into our neural network that is then used to create personalised workout and diet plans. Further, the app also integrates with major social networks so that you can easily share your progress on your social media accounts. We also use multi factor authentication to protect user data so that only user is able to access their data. Not only that but all the data is hosted on site at our data center. You can also have multiple parallel workout sessions. So that can you switch between workouts without splitting your current workout into two. Then we move to the extensions section which provides brief notes on how our product interacts with the external environment using 3rd party gadgets for the enhancement of AI enabled smart trainers, self-meditation advisors, nutritionist agents.

Some major applications of this service include treatment of patients with paralysis, giving recommendations for muscle and body repair, as well suggestion for diet to fix nutrient deficiencies. We are using OpenCV to assist with computer vision, Python3 to write the code and Keras and Tensorflow for data processing.